README.md, before:

# Drone Lidar Path Optimization

Given a lidar point cloud and a drone's positions, this application calculates the optimum path that a drone should traverse from one end to another.

## Getting Started

This application is written in Python3. Please follow the following steps to run this application.

### Prerequisites

Please make sure that you are using python3 to run this application


### Installing Dependencies

To install the package dependencies, please install the packages in the `requirements.txt`.

Please go to this project's directory then execute the following in the shell

```
pip install -r ./requirements.txt
```

## Package Dependencies
* [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/)
* [numpy](https://numpy.org/)
* [matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/)


## Author

* **Brendon Dulam** - *Veoneer Japan* - [bldulam1](https://github.com/bldulam1) - [portfolio](https://bdulam.netlify.com)


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Dijkstra Algorithm [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdmfOwyQlcI&t=229s)

Commit message:

display and simulation in README.md

README.md, after:

# Drone Lidar Path Optimization

Given a lidar point cloud and a drone's positions, this application calculates the optimum path that a drone should traverse from one end to another.

## Getting Started

This application is written in Python3. Please follow the following steps to run this application.

### Prerequisites

Please make sure that you are using python3 to run this application

### Cloning this Repository

To clone this repository, please make sure that you have installed git.
Then execute the following:

```shell script
git clone https://github.com/bldulam1/lidar-drone-path-optimization
```
### Installing Dependencies

To install the package dependencies, please install the packages in the `requirements.txt`.

Please go to this project's directory then execute the following in the shell

```shell script
pip install -r ./requirements.txt
```

### Predefined tests
To test the solution to the challenges, please use the following tests, be executing in the shell.

_Please make sure that you are in the directory of this repository._

##### Display

```shell script
python main.py --lp_csv ./.cache/LIDARPoints.csv --fp_csv ./.cache/FlightPath.csv -v --challenge 1
```

##### Simulation

```shell script
python main.py --m_csv ./.cache/Mapping.csv --lp_csv ./.cache/lp.csv --fp_csv ./.cache/FlightPath.csv -v --challenge 2
```


## Package Dependencies
* [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/)
* [numpy](https://numpy.org/)
* [matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/)


## Author

* **Brendon Dulam** - *Veoneer Japan* - [bldulam1](https://github.com/bldulam1) - [portfolio](https://bdulam.netlify.com)


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Dijkstra Algorithm [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdmfOwyQlcI&t=229s)
